She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
Please wait outside of the house.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
We should play with legos at camp.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
